README.md, before:

<!-- Animated Heading -->

<h1 align="center" style="font-size: 60px; font-weight: bold;">
   Hi,I'm <span style="font-size: 70px; background: linear-gradient(90deg,#00e1ff,#a600ff); -webkit-background-clip: text; color: transparent;">Abdulrahman</span>
</h1>

<!-- Waving Animation -->

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="60px" />
</p>

---

 I’m a Frontend Web Developer who loves turning ideas into clean, modern, and responsive web experiences. My toolkit includes HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React,Next.js, and Tailwind CSS.



---

## 🚀 Some Projects I’m Proud Of

🌐 **MOVACO** – a modern website showcasing responsive design and React/Tailwind UI
👉 [https://movaco.vercel.app](https://movaco.vercel.app)

🌐 **Perfume Store** – an e-commerce style React project
👉 [https://perfume-react-cyan.vercel.app](https://perfume-react-cyan.vercel.app)

---

## 🌐 Socials

[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram\&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/abudy.satar)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin\&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/abdul-rahman-sattar-96071b2aa?)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X\&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/abudy_satar)
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail\&logoColor=white)]()

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=plastic\&logo=html5\&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=plastic\&logo=css3\&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic\&logo=javascript\&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=plastic\&logo=react\&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic\&logo=typescript\&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=plastic\&logo=vercel\&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=plastic\&logo=firebase)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=plastic\&logo=react-router\&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=plastic\&logo=vite\&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=plastic\&logo=figma\&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic\&logo=github\&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=plastic\&logo=bootstrap\&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false\&include_all_commits=false\&count_private=false)
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false\&include_all_commits=false\&count_private=false\&layout=compact)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=abudysatar\&icon=0\&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

Add Noble Finances project to README
Added a new project 'Noble Finances' to the README.

README.md, after:

<!-- Animated Heading -->

<h1 align="center" style="font-size: 60px; font-weight: bold;">
   Hi,I'm <span style="font-size: 70px; background: linear-gradient(90deg,#00e1ff,#a600ff); -webkit-background-clip: text; color: transparent;">Abdulrahman</span>
</h1>

<!-- Waving Animation -->

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="60px" />
</p>

---

 I’m a Frontend Web Developer who loves turning ideas into clean, modern, and responsive web experiences. My toolkit includes HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React,Next.js, and Tailwind CSS.



---

## 🚀 Some Projects I’m Proud Of

🌐 **MOVACO** – a modern website showcasing responsive design and React/Tailwind UI
👉 [https://movaco.vercel.app](https://movaco.vercel.app)

🌐 **Perfume Store** – an e-commerce style React project
👉 [https://perfume-react-cyan.vercel.app](https://perfume-react-cyan.vercel.app)

🌐 **Noble Finances** – A modern, responsive financial web app built with React ,Tailwind ,TypeScript and deployed on Vercel.
👉 [https://noble-finances-gamma.vercel.app/](https://noble-finances-gamma.vercel.app/)

---

## 🌐 Socials

[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram\&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/abudy.satar)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin\&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/abdul-rahman-sattar-96071b2aa?)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X\&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/abudy_satar)
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail\&logoColor=white)]()

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=plastic\&logo=html5\&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=plastic\&logo=css3\&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic\&logo=javascript\&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=plastic\&logo=react\&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic\&logo=typescript\&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=plastic\&logo=vercel\&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=plastic\&logo=firebase)
![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=plastic\&logo=react-router\&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=plastic\&logo=vite\&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=plastic\&logo=figma\&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic\&logo=github\&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=plastic\&logo=bootstrap\&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false\&include_all_commits=false\&count_private=false)
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=abudysatar\&theme=radical\&hide_border=false\&include_all_commits=false\&count_private=false\&layout=compact)

---

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=abudysatar\&icon=0\&color=1)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
